Last Updated: 30-Dec-2023

Introduction
Apptreo we respects the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our Apptreo AI mobile application. Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the application.

Collection of Your Information
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect via the Application includes:

Personal Data: Personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, and demographic information, that you voluntarily give to us when choosing to participate in various activities related to the Application.
Derivative Data: Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Application, such as your native actions that are integral to the Application.
Mobile Device Access: We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s gallery, to allow you to upload pictures for processing by the Application.
Use of Your Information
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Application to:

Facilitate the creation and your logon process.
Respond to your inquiries and requests.
Perform other business activities as needed.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:

By Law or to Protect Rights: If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.
Security of Your Information
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other types of misuse.

Policy for Children
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.

Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Nabeelshehzad.com.
